carabiner-toolboard/README.md, before:

# Carabiner-Toolboard

Toolboard for easy & quick connection between the backpack and toolhead.

The carabiner was inspired by the dumbboard of LukesLab and designed to bring the idea of a 'simple toolboard' to the next level!

## Features

- Input via
	- 16pin horizontal microfit
	- 16pin vertical microfit

- Outputs for 
	- Hotend (JST XH or microFit)
	- Hotend thermistor 
	- Hotend fan 
	- 2x Partcooling fan
	- Stepper connector
	- Extra 4-pin connector
- ChamberThermistor
- Soldered voltage selection to either use main voltage (hotend voltage) or an alternative voltage on the hotend fan or partcooling fan seperately
- BAT85 diode for inductive probe (or jumper to skip it) on the extra 4-pin connector

## BOM / Parts

- 16 pin microFit cable ( https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4001132970645.html ) 
- 16 pin micro-Fit horizontal 43045 connector ( https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32825801831.html )
- 2 pin micro-Fit 43650 connector (Hotend) 
- 4x 2pin JST XH connector (HotendThermistor, 2x PCFan, HEFan)
- 2x 4pin JST XH connector (Motor, Aux)
- 1x 1206 thermistor (ChamberThermistor) (smaller thermistors might fit)
- (optional) 1x BAT85 Diode (for inductive probes) ( https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32666982991.html )

Commit message:

Carabiner Beta 0.2.3
Fix traces being too small (too little amperage supported)
Update README

carabiner-toolboard/README.md, after:

# Carabiner-Toolboard

The carabiner is a toolboard for easy & quick connection between the backpack and toolhead.

## Features

- Input via 16pin horizontal/vertical microfit
- Two outputs for partcooling fans
- Soldered seperate voltage selection for hotend fan and partcooling fan
   - Uses either the hotend voltage or one alternative voltage
- Thermistor for the chamber
  - Supports any size from 0603 to 1206
- BAT85 diode for inductive probes


## Connectors & Amperage

_Note: All amperage-values have been designed to work in an enclosed printer with up to 65° chamber temperature & have  some safety margins. While you could use higher ampere in an open-frame printer, it's highly discouraged. <br/>
When multiple connectors are supported **bold** marks the recommended connector._

|   | Supported Connectors | Maximum Ampere |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 
| Hotend  | 2-pin JST XH <br/> Microfit 430450227 <br/> **Microfit 436500227** (compatible with e3d heater) | 2 Ampere (40W heater on 24V) <br/> 3.3 Ampere (80W heater on 24V) <br/>3.3 Ampere (80W heater on 24V)
| Hotend Thermistor  | 2-pin JST XH <br/> **Microfit 436500227** (compatible with e3d thermistor) | / <br/> /
| Hotend Fan | 2-pin JST XH | 1 Ampere
| 2x Partcooling Fan | 2-pin JST XH | 1 Ampere (total for both)
| Stepper | 4-pin JST XH | 1.2 Ampere <br/> 0.84 Ampere on TMC drivers as you specify the RMS ampere which is ~70% of peak
| Aux / Probe | 4-pin JST XH | 0.8 Ampere


## BOM / Parts

Find the latest BOM in the [Annex Sourcing Guide](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O3eyVuQ6M4F03MJSDs4Z71_XyNjXL5HFTZr1jsaAtRc) under PCBs
